Before I retire
Proposed to Her Majesty the Queen
Make you the head general of the country
The safety of Jian Xuan Kingdom is handed over to you
But the queen refused
Because you are his brother
You are the only relative
He was worried that there would be too many arguments on the battlefield.
Make you king and give you glory and wealth
Also gave you freedom
You are lying to me.
That's not possible.
The queen has the hardest position in the world
The predicament he encountered
You just can't imagine
That sister
Did what a sister should do
shelter you from the wind and rain
You good brother
Today, he actually rebelled and forced him to abdicate
Let him become the laughing stock of Kyushu
Wolf-hearted thing
I will send you to confess to your ancestors today
Stop
You are not allowed to kill my father